Add coverage (#1)
sonarsource-cfamily-examples/linux-cmake-gcovr-gh-actions-sc: README.adoc

:note-caption: :information_source:
NOTE: This simple example ignores https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#analysis-cache[analysis cache] and https://docs.sonarcloud.io/advanced-setup/languages/c-c-objective-c/#parallel-code-scan[multithreaded execution] both of which can boost analysis significantly.

> It is very easy to analyze a C, C++ and Objective-C project (and compute its test coverage) with SonarCloud and https://docs.sonarcloud.io/getting-started/github/[GitHub Actions]:

Reviewer: I would remove the parentheses because the main point of this example _is_ test coverage ^^
(the other changes are what Grammarly suggests...)
```suggestion
It is straightforward to analyze a C, C++, and Objective-C project and compute its test coverage with SonarCloud and https://docs.sonarcloud.io/getting-started/github/[GitHub Actions]:
```

Author: removed parens
I disagree with the grammarly here for the sake of consistency with other examples all of them use the same formula (and do not have the oxford comma either)

. Create a `sonar-project.properties` file to store your configuration
. In your `.github/workflows/build.yml` file:

> .. Make sure you have gcovr v5.0 (v5.1 is not supported, see https://jira.sonarsource.com/browse/SONAR-16269[SONAR-16269])

Reviewer: This line will not be relevant anymore when this ticket is done. Maybe add a comment in the ticket to not forget to update this README?

Author: Added the comment.
